School has been out at Cal State Northridge since
the week before Christmas, but since you can learn something every
day, Mississippi State's women's basketball team gave a lesson.
Northridge has talked about taking its game to the next level.
The 21st-ranked Bulldogs _ the first nationally ranked team to play
here in Northridge's Division I era _ gave a glimpse of that level
in a 98-64 nonconference victory before a crowd of 165 Friday
night.
It ended CSUN's 16-game home win streak.
Whether the Matadors learned from the Bulldogs (10-0) remains to

Back in the dog days of August, nine victories, a
championship in the southern half of the Big 12, and an encore New
Year's Day invitation to Dallas might have sounded pretty cool to
the Texas Longhorns.
Sight unseen, they would have taken such an autumn, no questions
asked. This season, after all, was supposed to have been one of
transition, a baby step backward before the big leap forward in
2000, the year the properly matured Horns would be ready to compete
seriously with the big boys for national glory.
But along the way, even after a stupid loss in the opener

Texas' off-season of discontent began when the final
gun sounded at Saturday's Southwestern Bell Cotton Bowl, sealing a
27-6 loss to former Southwest Conference rival Arkansas.
While the 24th-ranked Razorbacks walked away from the
much-heralded reunion with their first bowl victory in 15 years and
a handful of Cotton Bowl records, the 14th-ranked Longhorns left
with less desirable souvenirs. Among them:
A three-game losing streak to close the season for the first
time since 1984.
A school record for fewest rushing yards in a game (minus-27).

The total of six yards rushing in the Big 12 championship loss
to Nebraska was a school worst. But the minus-27 yards rushing in
the Cotton Bowl on Saturday quickly replaced that as the lowest
total for any game ever played by the Longhorns.
Eight sacks by the Razorbacks accounted for minus-64 yards in
what was another miserable game for the UT offensive line.
In the first 11 games this season, the Texas offensive line
allowed 19 sacks. In the last three games, the men up front have
allowed 20 sacks, including seven against Nebraska and five against
Texas A&AMP;M.

It would have been easy. Very easy.
Rudy Tomjanovich had his championships. He was the next Dream
Team coach. His legacy was secure and Tomjanovich could have taken
his resume pretty much anywhere he pleased and landed a
high-profile job.
So why is he still here?
Sure, there were a couple of veterans _ Hakeem Olajuwon and
Charles Barkley _ remaining, but they were past their primes, able
to dominate certain nights or even a stretch of games, but no
longer able to dominate the NBA as they once did.

The 86th Rose Bowl was billed as a potential
offensive shootout, but it turned into a defensive battle decided
in large part by injuries and by the kicking game.
And, ultimately, by Ron Dayne.
Dayne, the National Collegiate Athletic Association's career
rushing leader, gained 200 yards Saturday on 34 carries, set a Rose
Bowl career scoring record with a touchdown and captured the most
valuable player honor for the second consecutive year as Wisconsin
wore down and defeated outmanned but stubborn Stanford, 17-9, in
the lowest-scoring Rose Bowl in 23 years.

At halftime of Boston College's debacle.com against the
University of Colorado Friday in the Insight.com Bowl, coach Tom
O'Brien told his players to forget about the score. Though the
Eagles trailed, 45-7, O'Brien admonished them not to look at the
scoreboard, not to look at the clock, and to keep playing football
in the second half.
That explained why, as he jogged off the field at Arizona
Stadium at game's end and made his way to BC's locker room, O'Brien
looked up and took one last peek at the scoreboard. It glared back
at him with the final score:

Eddie Jones has rejoined the Charlotte Hornets and
reaffirmed his plans for a quick comeback from an elbow injury.
Jones met with Hornets team physician Glenn Perry and was given
a brace to wear until the torn ligament he suffered after being
fouled by the New York Knicks' Kurt Thomas Dec. 20 heals.
``To be honest with you, I don't want to wear it in the games,''
Jones said. ``But I might have to.''
Jones said as soon as the injury was diagnosed that he planned
on returning in three weeks, not the longest-range prospect of six
weeks. ``Like I told people, it wasn't going to be any longer than

Bengals receiver Carl Pickens criticized owner and
general manager Mike Brown, who last week decided to keep coach
Bruce Coslet for at least one more season.
``I don't understand it,'' Pickens said. ``We're trying to win.
We're trying to turn this thing around out there. And they bring
him back. What can you do? Obviously, the players don't call the
shots around here.''
Pickens later issued a statement retracting his comments, but
the damage seemed to be done.
``I learned a long time ago you can't please everybody,'' Coslet

As the NFL heads into its last regular-season games on
the first weekend of 2000, beat reporter Mark Schlabach takes a
look back at a surprising 1999 season:
OFFENSIVE MVP
1. Marshall Faulk, RB, Rams. Faulk should break the NFL record
for yards from scrimmage in a season.
2. Peyton Manning, QB, Colts. Manning is the NFL's best
quarterback in only his second season.
3. Edgerrin James, RB, Colts. No wonder Indianapolis drafted him
ahead of Heisman Trophy winner Ricky Williams.

Carolina receiver Patrick Jeffers has been red-hot
lately, after battling injuries through the first half of the
season. In the past four games, he has 28 receptions for 552 yards
and six touchdowns.
His effort paid off Thursday in a new four-year contract with
the Panthers. The former Virginia star who spent two years in
Denver and one in Dallas had been scheduled to become an
unrestricted free agent on March 1.
Jeffers, in his first season with Carolina, had not wanted to
leave the Panthers, but he had worried that the team might not be

Nobody is quite ready to do celebratory swan dives
into the Detroit River just yet. Regular-season victories in
Hockeytown do little except to affirm to fans that forward lines
are set for the playoffs.
But as the NHL season nears the midway point, the Detroit Red
Wings look closer to being a Stanley Cup team now than they did
last year.
The Wings have the best record in hockey, and they continued to
string together wins despite the absences of goalie Chris Osgood
and forward Slava Kozlov. After a narrow 3-2 overtime win over the