School has been out at Cal State Northridge since
the week before Christmas, but since you can learn something every
day, Mississippi State's women's basketball team gave a lesson.
Northridge has talked about taking its game to the next level.
The 21st-ranked Bulldogs _ the first nationally ranked team to play
here in Northridge's Division I era _ gave a glimpse of that level
in a 98-64 nonconference victory before a crowd of 165 Friday
night.
It ended CSUN's 16-game home win streak.
Whether the Matadors learned from the Bulldogs (10-0) remains to

Ray Hubbard, a television producer and broadcasting executive
and a pioneer in the medium, died on Dec. 27 in Kenwood, Calif. He
was 75 and had been suffering from Parkinson's disease.
Hubbard was vice president for programming and production at
Post-Newsweek Stations in Washington, the broadcast group of The
Washington Post, from 1969 to 1976. Before that he was the national
programming manager and executive producer of public affairs for
Group W, the Westinghouse Broadcasting Co. in New York, where he
helped to develop the Steve Allen, Mike Douglas, Merv Griffin and
Regis Philbin shows and ``P.M. East'' with Mike Wallace.

The millennium, an idea with overtones ranging from Biblical to
commercial, had swelled recently into a coercive miniculture as the
countdown ticked away and a flood of books, articles, television
specials and studied commentaries by academic, political and
religious leaders reflected upon the last thousand years of human
achievements and missteps, and speculated on the next thousand.
Purists still insist that the millennium will not start until
Jan. 1, 2001, and they are no doubt right. The calendar, at best,
is arbitrary. There were problems from ancient times based on
inaccuracies in measuring the year's duration and its uneven

One of the happiest aspects of the Alvin Ailey
American Dance Theater winter season, which ends Sunday, has been
the performing.
Burnished to a glow by Judith Jamison and Masazumi Chaya,
longtime former Ailey dancers who are now, respectively, the
troupe's artistic director and associate artistic director, the
performers' high technical level and individuality were seen to
their best advantage in Hans van Manen's ``Polish Pieces'' on
Wednesday afternoon at City Center.
The piece, choreographed in 1995 and set to a driving score by

How do you mark the passage of 1,000 years of human
history? Simple, in this city of chronic gamblers and cold-eyed
oddsmakers: You head for the track.
At 12:45 a.m., as the last wisps of smoke from New Year's Eve
fireworks drifted away from the Happy Valley Racecourse, the crack
of a starter's gun set off the Millennium Cup. The Hong Kong Jockey
Club billed it as the first horse race of the 2000s, though rumors
swirled that it may have been edged out for first-in-the-world
status by post-midnight races in New Zealand and Australia.
Floral Joy won $110,000 from a total purse worth $200,000. It

Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, who gave himself the job of
ubiquitous master of ceremonies of the city's New Year celebration,
said he began his last day of the 1900s at 5:30 a.m. having trouble
getting his lights on. ``I was convinced that it was Y2K,'' the
mayor said, but ``actually I was sleepy.''
This perhaps explains an interesting mishap that occurred later.
``Now we're going to go to Carl in Richmond Hill,'' Giuliani said
shortly after 11 a.m. Friday during his weekly radio call-in show.
``Hello?'' said Carl. ``Hillary?'' responded the mayor, causing
listeners to think for a brief moment that perhaps the first lady

Los Angeles' city parties and concerts on New Year's Eve were a
dud of millennial proportions Friday, drawing far smaller crowds of
revelers than expected.
A rare rainstorm coupled with Y2K boredom and uncertainty kept
much of Los Angeles home from the five city parties, and even The
Eagles concert failed to fill the Staples Center and left scalpers
eating high-priced tickets.
At the city's icon, the Hollywood sign, the laser light show and
fireworks displays were nixed. Officials gave contradictory
explanations for why they were canceled and why officials continued

Thousands ventured to the Staples Center to wind down the 1900s
with The Eagles, Linda Ronstadt and Jackson Browne, in a concert
featuring pillars of the L.A. music scene.
Outside the Staples Center, ticketholders for the Eagles seemed
to be in good spirits even as they waited in the chilly drizzle.
The clothing ran the gamut, from jeans to business suits to ...
Star Wars outfits, as they came for one reason: to indulge in a bit
of nostalgia.
``I decided to do something I've never done before to ring out
the New Year,'' said Andrew Milinkevich, a Thousand Oaks attorney

Rankings reflect sales figures for the week ending Dec. 25 at
almost 4,000 bookstores plus wholesalers serving 60,000 other
retailers, statistically weighted to represent sales in all such
outlets nationwide. The number of titles within the two
subdivisions of nonfiction can change from week to week, reflecting
changes in book buying.
An (x) following a book's ranking indicates that a book's sales
are barely distinguishable from those of the book above. A (b)
indicates that some bookstores report receiving bulk orders for a
book.

Rankings reflect sales for the week ending Dec. 25, at almost
4,000 bookstores plus wholesalers serving 50,000 other retailers
(gift shops, department stores, newsstands, supermarkets),
statistically weighted to represent all such outlets nationwide.
An (x) indicates that a book's sales are barely distinguishable
from those of the book above. A (b) indicates that some bookstores
report receiving bulk orders for a book.
FICTION
1. HARRY POTTER AND THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS, by J.K.
Rowling. (Levine/Scholastic, $17.95.) A British boy

NONFICTION
TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE, by Mitch Albom. (Doubleday, ........ 1 ..
1 .. 116
$19.95.) A sportswriter tells of his weekly visits
to his old college mentor, who was near death.
THE GREATEST GENERATION, by Tom Brokaw. (Random .......... 2 ..
2 .. 56
House, $24.95.) The lives of men and women who came
of age during the Depression and World War II.
THE GREATEST GENERATION SPEAKS: Letters and .............. 3 ..

Rankings reflect sales, for the week ending Dec. 25, at almost
4,000 bookstores, plus wholesalers serving 50,000 other retailers
(gift shops, department stores, newsstands, supermarkets),
statistically weighted to represent all such outlets nationwide.
An (x) indicates that a book's sales are barely distinguishable
from those of the book above. A (b) indicates that some bookstores
report receiving bulk orders for a book.
.................................................. This .. Last
.. Weeks
.................................................. Week .. Week