Ray Hubbard, a television producer and broadcasting executive
and a pioneer in the medium, died on Dec. 27 in Kenwood, Calif. He
was 75 and had been suffering from Parkinson's disease.
Hubbard was vice president for programming and production at
Post-Newsweek Stations in Washington, the broadcast group of The
Washington Post, from 1969 to 1976. Before that he was the national
programming manager and executive producer of public affairs for
Group W, the Westinghouse Broadcasting Co. in New York, where he
helped to develop the Steve Allen, Mike Douglas, Merv Griffin and
Regis Philbin shows and ``P.M. East'' with Mike Wallace.

One of the happiest aspects of the Alvin Ailey
American Dance Theater winter season, which ends Sunday, has been
the performing.
Burnished to a glow by Judith Jamison and Masazumi Chaya,
longtime former Ailey dancers who are now, respectively, the
troupe's artistic director and associate artistic director, the
performers' high technical level and individuality were seen to
their best advantage in Hans van Manen's ``Polish Pieces'' on
Wednesday afternoon at City Center.
The piece, choreographed in 1995 and set to a driving score by

Stars rained over the nation's capital on New
Year's eve as President Clinton ushered in the new year by lighting
a fuse that sent a thundering shower of brilliant white stars
cascading down the sides of the Washington Monument.
``Tonight, the torch passed to a new century of young
Americans,'' Clinton told the more than 200,000 people gathered on
the National Mall to ring in the Year 2000. ``Tonight, we celebrate
the change of centuries and the dawning of a new millennium.''
Amid tight security, the crowd enjoyed relatively balmy weather
_ the temperature was in the higher 30s _ and seemed unconcerned

NONFICTION
ANGELA'S ASHES, by Frank McCourt. (Touchstone/S&AMP;S, ... 1 ... 31
$14 and $7.99.) An Irish-American writer recalls his
childhood amid the miseries of Limerick.
THE SEAT OF THE SOUL, by Gary Zukav. (Fireside/S&AMP;S, ... 2 ... 60
$12.) How daily activities can be enhanced by feelings
of meaning and purpose. (b)
THE PERFECT STORM, by Sebastian Junger. ............... 3 ....
82
(HarperPerennial, $14; HarperPaperbacks, $6.99.)

Huge Storm Damage in France
Back-to-back storms with gale force winds that reached 120 miles
per hour ripped through France and other parts of Europe. The
French Ministry of Culture and Communication said it would take
more than $60 million just to repair damage to historic monuments
like Notre Dame Cathedral, Ste.-Chapelle and the palace at
Versailles.
The storms tore off roofs, toppled thousands of trees and caused
flooding and avalanches that killed at least 130 people throughout
Europe, 78 of them in France. More than a quarter of Frances

A cottage industry of plain-language consultants has sprung up
in recent years. They aim to wage war on the business buzzwords,
governmental verbosity and turgid legalese that make many public
documents impossible to understand.
These experts also seek to instill some of the basics of good
writing, like the importance of short, direct sentences. Much of
their work has come in the mutual fund industry, which for the past
two years has been under an order by the Securities and Exchange
Commission to simplify documents.
Samples of the consultants' work follow.

At times more words, not fewer, are needed to decode
particularly turgid passages. Here's one example cited by Lutz,
with a suggested revision.
Before: When business processes are automated, employees are
careful not to fall into the trap of applying new technology to
old, inefficient work procedures. Instead, a needs assessment is
completed to identify system requirements, and then automated
systems are designed to accomplish these goals.
After: Computers don't improve the way you do business, if you
simply do business the same old way using the computers. So, before

Do you eat human flesh?
No, it is not a very polite question. But perhaps the horror it
arouses reflects a guilty desire, some dark instinct buried in the
atavistic limbo of the mind, to crush one's enemy, savor his flesh
and absorb his qualities.
Cannibalism has been in the news as rival experts try to get
this bizarre but revealing topic into focus. The issue is whether
cannibalism was once a routine part of human social behavior or is
merely a myth designed to justify advanced nations' domination over
primitive and allegedly anthropophagous peoples.

Fred Saigh, a former owner of the St. Louis Cardinals who was
forced out of baseball in 1953 when he was sentenced to federal
prison for income-tax evasion but kept the team in St. Louis by
selling it to the locally based Anheuser-Busch brewery, died
Wednesday at a hospital in Chesterfield, Mo. He was 94.
A small, dapper man with an eye for big business deals, having
owned prime real estate in downtown St. Louis during the 1940s,
Saigh bridged two longtime Cardinal ownerships. Sam Breadon, who
sold the club to Saigh in November 1947, had been the team
president for 27 years. Anheuser-Busch, whose owner, August A.

Europeans, it often seems, spent the last
decade building resentments of American fast food, pop culture,
corporate callousness and an unchallenged military machine _ when
they weren't importing or trying to emulate them. They ended the
century thinking they had staked out the parameters of
Americanization and could now concentrate on erecting barricades
around their traditional larders, languages and societies. But some
demographers have a big surprise in store.
Before the new millennium is a few decades old, these
demographers say, Europe will be face to face with an

Also, he said, not everybody has the same definition of
multiculturalism. ``The French think that what they call the
Anglo-Saxon model is a multicultural model of integration in which
everybody speaks their own language and doesn't necessarily learn
the common language _ and they don't really become British or
Canadian or American. They simply live in those countries and the
political system sort of stitches together compromises between
these groups.''
``The French image is quite different, but not xenophobic at
all,'' he said, recalling the numbers of Poles, Russians and others

High above the sparkling blue sweep of the Bay of Algiers, with
panoramic views over whitewashed colonial palaces and palm-treed
gardens that still make the city one of the jewels of the
Mediterranean, there is a magnificent hostelry.
Once a palace, it became, at the height of France's 130 years of
colonial rule in Algeria, the St. George's Hotel. On an upper
floor, with a balcony scented in the springtime with mimosa
blossoms, there is a suite with a brass plaque at the door
recording the fact that General Dwight D. Eisenhower occupied the
suite for several months in 1942 and 1943, when U.S. and allied