Airports around the world, ordinarily quiet on New Year's Eve,
were unusually so Friday as thousands of potential travelers stayed
put while the world's air traffic system rolled over to the year
2000.
Yet, despite such fears and recent concerns about terrorism,
commercial aviation entered the new year without incident as
midnight arrived around the globe.
The major test for commercial aviation came at midnight in
London when the global air traffic control system, which observes
Greenwich Mean Time, crossed over into the new year without

Two thousand years after Christ's obscure birth in a dusty town
in Judea, the world's 6 billion people _ most of them non-Christian
and many of them preoccupied with terrorism, computers, diets, bank
accounts, politics and the perils of the future _ rode their
turning blue planet across time's invisible line Friday and, by
common consent, looked into the dawn of a new millennium.
What they saw first was a party. It was garish, glittering and
global, and millions, setting religious considerations and personal
concerns aside, joined in the festivities to celebrate the
conjunction of a new year, a new century and a new thousand-year

Despite a few sputters and glitches, the world's computers
appear to have survived the Year 2000 rollover without major
problems _ and with humanity's faith in technology intact, at least
for another day.
As clocks passed midnight around the world, there were a flurry
of reports of apparently minor prob- lems: a timing device at a
electric plant in Wisconsin jumped ahead 35 days, but it was
quickly reset; a monitoring system at a Japanese nuclear plant
malfunctioned, but it did not affect the operation of the reactor;
in Australia, ticketing ma- chines on some buses jammed.

While much of the world partied and played, the
people of Jerusalem prayed their way into the year 2000.
At midnight, hundreds of hymn-singing and arm-waving Christians
gathered in the Garden Tomb, one of two Jerusalem shrines that
claim to be the site of Jesus Christ's tomb.
``We're hanging out in a graveyard, while others hang out in
Times Square,'' said the Rev. Wayne Hilsden, pastor of the King of
Kings Assembly, an evangelical congregation in Jerusalem. ``They'll
wake up with a hangover. We'll wake up redeemed in the Lord.''
As firecrackers and louder explosives crackled and flashed at

Only a few rays of early-morning sunshine reached the aquamarine
water of Gisborne's waterfront along Poverty Bay. But that was
enough for the ecstatic celebrants who came from around the world
to usher in the new century.
``It was impossible to resist the idea that this would be one of
the first places to see the sun rise,'' said Chris O'Dowd of San
Francisco.
The sunrise _ whether visible or not _ was a big deal Down
Under, where locals maintain that the new year begins not at
midnight, but at dawn. Several islands of the South Pacific

The eastern half of the United States smoothly
followed the rest of the world into the new century early Saturday
with only a smattering of minor Y2K glitches reported.
Slot machines in Delaware went bonkers and clocks at a Wisconsin
electricity plant went haywire, as if to highlight the lack of
serious problems in the nation.
``We have seen no indications of any significant Y2K problems,''
said John Koskinen, chief of the White House's Y2K command center,
based on reports from the Eastern and Central time zones.
He reported some congestion on telephone networks on the East

At times more words, not fewer, are needed to decode
particularly turgid passages. Here's one example cited by Lutz,
with a suggested revision.
Before: When business processes are automated, employees are
careful not to fall into the trap of applying new technology to
old, inefficient work procedures. Instead, a needs assessment is
completed to identify system requirements, and then automated
systems are designed to accomplish these goals.
After: Computers don't improve the way you do business, if you
simply do business the same old way using the computers. So, before

After independence came to both nations in 1962, the
polarization in both only increased with round after round of
ethnic slaughters. People were killed merely for belonging to one
ethnic group or the other, something that had never happened in
either country.
In Rwanda, that cycle came to a crisis under the presidency of
Juvenal Habyarimana, a Hutu whose administration demonized all
Tutsi as supporters of rebels fighting to oust him. His death in a
plane crash in April 1994, in which the Burundian president also
died, set off the 100 days of slaughter of Tutsis.

Now that the Year 2000 has arrived around the world without
significant disruptions of power, transportation, commerce and
other activities dependent on computers, the question arises: Was
the threat of technology failure overstated, or was it all those
hundreds of billions of dollars that were spent to fix things that
prevented a catastrophe?
Most computer experts insist that the problem was a widespread
and major threat before work began. ``There was puffery by vendors
and some money was wasted, but these were real problems,'' said
Leon Kappelman, a University of North Texas associate professor of

By the time midnight struck in Maui, even the Internet's most
dedicated harbingers of millennium doom had to concede that things
had turned out better than they expected.
``Does anyone still think TEOTWAWKI will happen??'' typed one
presumably sleep-deprived Y2K watcher, using the favorite chat-room
shorthand for ``the end of the world as we know it.'' Her virtual
comrades on Timebomb2000.com were remarkably silent.
But as the year 2000 dawned in cyberspace, the sense of
anticlimax was tempered by a new faith not so much in technology
but in humanity's ability to harness it.

It was three hours before midnight on Friday and
John A. Koskinen did not appear worried a bit. His head was back.
His eyes were closed. And a flight attendant aboard the last Delta
Shuttle flight of 1999 from New York to Washington was urging him,
to no avail, to return his seat to the upright position.
``Excuse me, sir,'' the attendant said, pulling at the seat.
``Excuse me.'' It was three hours before midnight and the federal
government's year 2000 coordinator, President Clinton's point man
on the potentially debilitating computer problems, was fast asleep.
That is not to say that Koskinen was not taking the arrival of

Photo and graphics information and editors' names can be found
at the end of this budget.
THE WEEKEND DUTY EDITORS ARE:
IN ATLANTA: Greg Laudick 404-526-5456.
IN WASHINGTON: Andy Alexander 202-887-8334.
Y2K
Y2K-MAIN _ WASHINGTON _ As the world recovers from millennial
celebrations, we get a clear-eyed assessment of how everyone
survived the threat of a Y2K meltdown and terrorist attacks. Story
will wrap in all major developments. (Geewax, Cox News Service)