Despite a few sputters and glitches, the world's computers
appear to have survived the Year 2000 rollover without major
problems _ and with humanity's faith in technology intact, at least
for another day.
As clocks passed midnight around the world, there were a flurry
of reports of apparently minor prob- lems: a timing device at a
electric plant in Wisconsin jumped ahead 35 days, but it was
quickly reset; a monitoring system at a Japanese nuclear plant
malfunctioned, but it did not affect the operation of the reactor;
in Australia, ticketing ma- chines on some buses jammed.

Don't call Jim and Susan Smith survivalists.
In fact, you don't even have to call them Jim and Susan _ those
aren't their real names.
Thing is, they don't want their real names used. They have a
good thing _ a secure thing _ going, and they'd just as soon not
publicize it.
They're not digging bomb shelters and running around in
camouflage. The whole idea of locked-and-loaded Uzis and concertina
wire festooned around the perimeter and hundreds of cases of pork
and beans in the bunker gives them the creeps.

The eastern half of the United States smoothly
followed the rest of the world into the new century early Saturday
with only a smattering of minor Y2K glitches reported.
Slot machines in Delaware went bonkers and clocks at a Wisconsin
electricity plant went haywire, as if to highlight the lack of
serious problems in the nation.
``We have seen no indications of any significant Y2K problems,''
said John Koskinen, chief of the White House's Y2K command center,
based on reports from the Eastern and Central time zones.
He reported some congestion on telephone networks on the East

Now that the Year 2000 has arrived around the world without
significant disruptions of power, transportation, commerce and
other activities dependent on computers, the question arises: Was
the threat of technology failure overstated, or was it all those
hundreds of billions of dollars that were spent to fix things that
prevented a catastrophe?
Most computer experts insist that the problem was a widespread
and major threat before work began. ``There was puffery by vendors
and some money was wasted, but these were real problems,'' said
Leon Kappelman, a University of North Texas associate professor of

It was three hours before midnight on Friday and
John A. Koskinen did not appear worried a bit. His head was back.
His eyes were closed. And a flight attendant aboard the last Delta
Shuttle flight of 1999 from New York to Washington was urging him,
to no avail, to return his seat to the upright position.
``Excuse me, sir,'' the attendant said, pulling at the seat.
``Excuse me.'' It was three hours before midnight and the federal
government's year 2000 coordinator, President Clinton's point man
on the potentially debilitating computer problems, was fast asleep.
That is not to say that Koskinen was not taking the arrival of

Photo and graphics information and editors' names can be found
at the end of this budget.
THE WEEKEND DUTY EDITORS ARE:
IN ATLANTA: Greg Laudick 404-526-5456.
IN WASHINGTON: Andy Alexander 202-887-8334.
Y2K
Y2K-MAIN _ WASHINGTON _ As the world recovers from millennial
celebrations, we get a clear-eyed assessment of how everyone
survived the threat of a Y2K meltdown and terrorist attacks. Story
will wrap in all major developments. (Geewax, Cox News Service)

As the world glided smoothly into the new century,
the United States reported Saturday only a smattering of minor Y2K
glitches, but officials cautioned that problems could still crop
up, especially starting Monday.
John Koskinen, chief of the White House's Y2K command center,
said Monday will be a crucial milestone because it will be the
first day of normal business operations following the long holiday
weekend.
Otherwise, he offered generally upbeat news about the nation's
progress. ``We have not been able to find anything of great

Moving in (w) Washington and (f) financial categories.
By MARILYN GEEWAX
c. 2000 Cox News Service
WASHINGTON _ While country after country continued to report
success this weekend in smothering the Y2K computer bug, U.S.
leaders delayed declarations of victory Saturday. They say the true
test of Y2K will come Monday.
``It isn't over yet,'' said Rep. Steve Horn, R-Calif., chairman
of the House subcommittee that investigated Y2K readiness. ``We
have to see what, if any, damage will be done'' once computers face

By the time we crested the grassy knoll and
started down the logging road, Bianca, an 8-year-old German
shorthair retriever, looked thoroughly disgusted. She waited
patiently on the trail, ready to dive into the brush and search for
that singular and elusive game bird, woodcock. Her knitted brows
and tensed legs conveyed the question: What on earth is taking you
so long?
A satisfying answer to that question has never been rendered.
Still, it was not a day for doing anything hastily. The air was
simultaneously crisp and warm, and so still that the yellow leaves,

As the world glided smoothly into the new century,
the United States reported Saturday only a smattering of minor Y2K
glitches, but officials cautioned that problems could still crop
up, especially starting Monday.
John Koskinen, chief of the White House's Y2K command center,
said Monday will be a crucial milestone because it will be the
first day of normal business operations following the long holiday
weekend.
Otherwise, he offered generally upbeat news about the nation's
progress. ``We have not been able to find anything of great

So, was Y2K the most overhyped phenomenon in 2,000 years?
Or did the diligence of a world preparing as if for war stave
off the real danger of a cascading technological disaster?
With the once-dreaded year 2000 having arrived in time zone
after time zone with virtually no millennium-bug chaos, it seems
that the many predictions of computer meltdowns, driven by the
shift to the date 01-01-00, could now be widely disparaged as
Chicken Little nonsense. They may even be seen as a conspiracy
perpetrated by self-interested vendors of technology.
The big caveat is that much potential Y2K damage might not

Photo and graphics information and editors' names can be found
at the end of this budget.
THE WEEKEND DUTY EDITORS ARE:
IN ATLANTA: Greg Laudick 404-526-5456.
IN WASHINGTON: Andy Alexander 202-887-8334.
Y2K
Y2K-MAIN _ WASHINGTON _ As the world recovers from millennial
celebrations, we get a clear-eyed assessment of how everyone
survived the threat of a Y2K meltdown and terrorist attacks. Story
will wrap in all major developments. (Geewax, Cox News Service)